[Music]
hello and welcome to another episode of
muy spoiler alert today we're talking
about the 2014 film John wick so let's
get started so begins on a man named
John wick who just lost his wife and
received a new puppy named Daisy to help
him cope with her death after an
encounter at a gas station a group of
Russian gang members break into wycked
house beat up wick so his dog and steal
his 1969 Mustang the Russian gang
members led by a man named Yosef take
the car to a chop shop to get the been
change but the owner of the shop Aurelio
refuses after recognizing it as John's
car and punches iosef where stupidities
Ilsa's father a Russian gang leader
named Viggo called video to ask how he
punched the OSA Aurelio tell Viggo that
a yosef stole John Wick's car and Viggo
immediately understands why Aurelio was
so upset
Steagall confronts his son Yosef
explaining that John link is when the
best assassins know his Baba Yaga or the
boogeyman flick these Dwarfs the ego
syndicate and killed all of their
competitors before settling down to get
married Eko tries to persuade John from
going after Yosef but John refuses
diesel sent the hit squad to John's
house but he kills all 12 men in just a
few minutes do you know that places a
two million dollar bounty on John and
contacts his mentor Marcus to ask him to
also try to kill him John hides out at a
hotel known as the Continental a hotel
that caters to other assassins and
members of the criminal underworld which
has a strict rule that no business can
be conducted on the premises
beagle doubles the bounty to 4 million
for anyone who's willing to break the
hotel rules to kill John at the
Continental John discovers yosef
location is at a club and makes its way
to kill him however Yosef escapes after
John kills several guards back at the
hotel an assassin known as miss Perkins
tries to kill John in his sleep but his
former mentor Marcus has warned him
John mascot was Perkins and puts her in
the care of his friend Harry
Perkins escaped and killed Harry John
makes his way to a church that Viggo
uses as a front for his money and
blackmail evidence which John destroys
all of Vigo is serious John tries the
corner Viggo but is knocked unconscious
and taken to a safe house eventually
John is saved again by Markus and
coroner's we go John agrees let me go
live if he gives up his son's location
and removed Saddam chief John finds and
kills the open market is tortured and
killed for aiding John Diego calls John
to town of the death hoping to get John
to come to Marcus's home so miss Perkins
can kill him
Perkins receives a phone call hover from
the hotel and is executed for breaking
the rules of the Continental the hotel
contacts John toll and know that Eagle
is attempting to escape by helicopter a
big fight breaks out with John and
Vigo's bodyguards but John is able to
eventually kill everyone including Viggo
John who is severely wounded from all
the fights throughout the film stops at
an animal clinic to treat his wounds he
sees a pit bull that is going to be
euthanized
and takes the dog as his own for a walk
on the boardwalk where he and his wife
had their last day before she passed so
that was the spoilers for John wick if
you have a film you'd like to see me
spoiled please let me know in the
comments below check out movie spoiler
alerts on the various forms of social
media listed below
I remember to like and subscribe thanks
for watching
[Applause]